hi guys dr. Jim stefani here and I just
want to take a moment to thank you for
taking my gym supplement 101 course this
course is imperative to your full
understanding of the ingredients that I
have added to each and every gym product
why they work how they work how the
entire gym supplement line separates
itself from other supplement lines why
there's no proprietary blends why
concentrates are a complete myth why
most protein powders are proprietary
blends why manufacturers are spiking
protein to pull one over on you now some
of you have watched some of my other
videos discussing these topics already
but this course is designed as a
refresher course specifically for those
of you in the gym army to educate you
further on these topics to give you sort
of like I said a refresher course but
then to help you to share this
information with other supplement users
who you know haven't quite grasped what
sets the gym supplement science line
apart I'm as frustrated as you are when
you talk to someone who just doesn't get
it
there's stuck using you know it's a
proprietary blend yet you can't really
use these points specifically on your
own to really explain to them why that
that concentrated pre-workout is garbage
why their protein powder is spiked so
this course is designed to help you
further educate yourself but then to
take this information and share it with
others so that we can build a bigger
stronger gym army and a more educated
supplement consumer in general that's
what's gonna lift the supplement
industry take it to the next
level so that everyone is providing real
supplements that provide real results